Hey folks this is the new age bhumiputran. Bhoomi is Earth putran is son - I am the son of this Earth every last centimeter / millimeter of it.

There's no place on Earth I haven't been; in all the world culture the best of world culture that life has to offer.

I am the memory of the kuru the Thracian - Spartacus who said he would come back as millions, who was a third generation born into slavery - became a Gladiator - seen death knew life knew LOVE.

Led 300 of his Gladiators out of the arena into the world and wreaked havoc on the systems of his time. I am that Spartacus.

I am that Hurin Thalion who stood at the Nirnaeth Arnoediad (Battle of Unnumbered Tears) and said "Day will come again" 72 times he uttered that cry.

notes smiling baby fast and Future
physical and spoken you know imagined
all my heroes are here in my heart and I
speak to you a new message a new team
unfolding
right the coach Herman Boone said we
need to be mobile agile and hostile I've
become this Raging Bull I will blow
everything to Smithereens if I don't see
enough love in people's work in people's
family in people's
temples I will blow everything to
Smithereens I have the force I am this
Raging Bull I know exactly where to go I
know where to see love I can see it in
people I see the tears and peoples who
are oppressed
anyway so
I'd like to come back to Tolkien for a
moment another God of mine
but now a cry went up passing up the
wind from the south from whale to Vale
and elves and Men lifted their voices in
Wonder and joy
for hand someone looked for the one had
opened the leaker of gundalin and was
come with an army ten thousand strong
with bright male and long swords and
Spears like a forest then when
fingernuff heard afar the great Trump
trumpet of Togo and his brother the
shadow passed and his heart was uplifted
and he shouted aloud
the day has come behold people of the
Elder and fathers
fathers of men which meant Divine men
the day has come and all those who heard
his great voice echo in the Hills
answered crying
the night is passing the night is
passing
we need Gladiators with the strength of
love
watching the hellfires of capitalism to
just
liberate themselves we need ashatriyas
to die for them we need our brahmanas to
apply the knowledge for their Liberation
emancipation
so working class it's always been the
working class that we've overlooked we
just see through them we don't even act
like they they are souls just like us
they have their Journeys what are we
building concrete jungles and shutting
ourselves in our walls and not listening
to each other's cries of pain what the
hell have we picked
we bring toys to our children and hoard
and hoard and hold instead of just
letting it flow if I take one child and
show him the sadness of humanity one
child
he'll give up his toys he'll take all
his toys into the orphanages he'll take
it into the month there's invite the
because he took the child does not have
our
blind worship of the institutions we've
been indoctrinated in the child just
knows love and we don't know love so
we're not able to teach our children
love or help shape their love they just
have love they want Playmates they don't
care whether they are rich poor brown
black our children want Playmates so
leave the concrete jungles into the true
to the
City please
can children grow up in in prisons in
walls and bedrooms allowed a little bit
of Play Time some of the time let let
music flow in the blood heart flow
through them let the Divine speak
through them let their dreams be enacted
for the world to listen
to Jesus message when he said it's it's
true children you have to be like
children be with your children and only
then can you enter the kingdom have you
forgotten everything in our endless
mumbo jumbo talking
these institutions need to be burnt to
the ground better ones made
we have every thing we need right in
front of us and we're running out of
time
it's not an age of Darkness it's an age
of enlightenment Enlightenment was what
the Germans brought to us 150 200 years
ago
the only reason what was allowed to
happen was because the world ransomed
Germany and Hitler worked on their
passions because they were downtrodden
that was his idea of Uprising that's not
the love we want that's not the love
prophets taught us to ever and on
you know shower on one another wash
ourselves in Divine love and then go
shower it on someone shower it on
someone it doesn't matter who he is if
he's passing your path he has a reason
to be there take cognizance of his soul
show him love heal his hurts listen to
his stories move Humanity move
we have so much to do on it and later
hasn't even begun we're just fumbling
around scratching our balls eating a few
mangoes here and there letting whole
forests of riches rot
right generally your Concrete Jungle get
out of your 10 star hotels your
luxury limousine get out see the world
feel its feeling
look at history look at Story look at
movies see the love pouring in the
creativity there move Humanity I'm
begging you